README.md, before:

# Netflix GPT

 - Create React App
 - Configured TailwindCSS
 - Header
 - Routing of App
 - Login Form
 - Sign up form
 - form validation
 - useRef Hook
 - firebase setup
 - Deploying our app to production
 - Create Signup user account
 - Implement SignIn user Api
 - Created Redux store with userSlice
 - Implemented signout
 - Update Profile
 - Bugfix - signup user displayname and profile picture update
 - Bugfix - If the user is logged in Redirect /browse to login page and vice-versa
 - Unsubscribed to the onAuthStateChanged callback
 - Add hardcoded values to the constant file
 - Register for TMDB API & create an app & get access token
 - Get data from TMDB now playing movies list API
 - Fetch movies from TMDB




# Features
 - Login/Sign Up
   - Sign In / Sign Up Form
   - redirect to browse page

 - Browse Page (after authentication)
   - Header
   - Main Movie
     - Trailer In Backgroung
     - Title & description
     - MovieSuggestions
       - MovieLists * N

 - HetflixGPT
   - Search Bar
   - Movie suggetions

Commit message:

TMDB API data fetch && built MainContainer

README.md, after:

# Netflix GPT

 - Create React App
 - Configured TailwindCSS
 - Header
 - Routing of App
 - Login Form
 - Sign up form
 - form validation
 - useRef Hook
 - firebase setup
 - Deploying our app to production
 - Create Signup user account
 - Implement SignIn user Api
 - Created Redux store with userSlice
 - Implemented signout
 - Update Profile
 - Bugfix - signup user displayname and profile picture update
 - Bugfix - If the user is logged in Redirect /browse to login page and vice-versa
 - Unsubscribed to the onAuthStateChanged callback
 - Add hardcoded values to the constant file
 - Register for TMDB API & create an app & get access token
 - Get data from TMDB now playing movies list API
 - Custom hook for now playing movies
 - Created movieslice
 - Updated store with movies data
 - Planning for MainContainer & SecondaryContainer 
 - Fetch data for trailer video
 - update store from trailer video data
 - Embedded the youtube video and make it autoplay and mute
 - Tailwind class to make MainContainer look awesome




# Features
 - Login/Sign Up
   - Sign In / Sign Up Form
   - redirect to browse page

 - Browse Page (after authentication)
   - Header
   - Main Movie
     - Trailer In Backgroung
     - Title & description
     - MovieSuggestions
       - MovieLists * N

 - HetflixGPT
   - Search Bar
   - Movie suggetions
